Adds dependencies, making a PR, and updating documentation to NDG (#1238)
pyne/pyne: docs/devsguide/new_dev_guide.rst

Make sure that your device has all of the dependencies downloaded. You 
can check this by typing the name of the program into your command line 

> followed by "--version" (e.g., $ python --version). If you are starting as a

Reviewer: can you surround these with `` `x` ``  to render as code?

Author: I tried it on my version of the website, and it rendered as italics. Is that how it's supposed to look?

Reviewer: I think the --version in quotes would render as italicized? but $ python --version can have double ` around it to render as monospaced

Reviewer: the same that single one does in this comment: `$ python --version`

Reviewer: Interesting. On github, the quotes don't do anything (because it's either single * or double ** that does italics).

Author: I think I figured it out, because its sphinx and the theme it requires :code: before something in `` will render in the same way as in markdown.

Author: I'll rebase and include this addition in the push at the end

install from 2.7.\* - 3.6.*, and attempting to install with a default
version of 3.7.\* will result in errors. Setting your version to be
compatible before you begin will help ensure you are successful.

> For a comprehensive list of all the dependencies of PyNE, examine

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a comprehensive list of all the software that PyNE depends on, examine
```

	
	$ conda deactivate

> 5. Before continuing with the PyNE installation ensure that the Python version is correct.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Before continuing with the PyNE installation, ensure that the Python version is correct.
```

file (like Word). The only important part is to write the file in a manner that’s 
considered reStructuredText (check out http://sphinx-doc.org/rest.html). Then, 
Sphinx will do everything else under the hood as described `here 

> <http://pyne.io/devsguide/website.html>`__. Before you make the pull request, 
> make sure that you include a news file named after the purpose of your pr 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
<http://pyne.io/devsguide/website.html>`__. Before you make the pull request (PR), 
make sure that you include a news file named after the purpose of your PR 
```

following the template located in the news folder. Finally, commit these changes to 
your forked version and submit a pull request. 

---------------------

> Making a Pull Request

Reviewer 3: I wonder if this section fits better above the section on modifying documentation?  Making a pull request is ubiquitous to contributing to PyNE and prerequisite knowledge to updating the docs.

Reviewer 3: Also, the instruction about adding a news file might fit better under this generic info on making a pull request.

Author: I agree, the PR section does make more sense above the documentation section. I've moved it, and the information about the news file with my latest commit

---------------------

> The pull request should contain a description of the the pull request, any labels 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The pull request (PR) should contain a description of the the pull request, any labels 
```

(such as bug, docs, test), projects (such as Transition to PyMOAB), and a reference

> to the issue that led to the pr (which you can do by inserting '@issue_number' to 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
to the issue that led to the PR (which you can do by inserting '#issue_number' to 
```

the description.

The more specific your description, the better you employ the labels, and 
project selections the easier it will be for other contributers to review your work.
Adding a reference to the issue the pull request will allow people to see the issue 
inspired it, and any conversation about the issue.

.. _Dependencies:

==================
PyNE Dependencies:
==================

Something to note before you begin the installation process is the version of Python 
that you are using. PyNE is currently supported from Python 2 through Python 3.6 
(NOT 3.7, which is coming in future updates). A comprehensive Python package is Anaconda 
which provides a free installation for MacOS, Windows, and Linux. Follow the instructions 
for your specific platform `here <https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/install/>`_ . Installing 
through Anaconda will result in many of the packages and dependencies being satisfied.

-------

> Website

Reviewer 3: Recommend putting the PyNE Library dependencies first.  We expect many more people will want to build the library without building the docs/website, so those dependencies should be more prominent.

Author: I didn't think of that, but that makes a lot of sense to me too. I'll include it in the next commit.

------------
PyNE Library
------------

PyNE is what is known as a library in Python (as with many languages, 
libraries can be built and installed to add functionalities to the language), 
and it is designed to assist in Nuclear Engineering projects. 

**Python:**

Python is a popular computer language for building applications, 
data science, and visualization. 

``To Install:``

A comprehensive Python package can be found in Anaconda, which provides a 
free installation for MacOS, Windows, and Linux. Follow the instructions for your 
specific platform `here <https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/install/>`_ . 
Installing through Anaconda will result in many of the packages and dependencies 
for PyNE being satisfied.

If you want to download Python without the rest of Anaconda, use 
the links in the resources below. Keep in-mind that PyNE is currently 
not supported on Python 3.7 or later.

``Resources:``

#. `Python Download (Not Anaconda) <https://www.python.org/downloads/>`_
#. `Python Wiki <https://wiki.python.org/moin/>`_
#. `Beginner’s Guide <https://wiki.python.org/moin/BeginnersGuide>`_

> **Ruby:**

Reviewer 3: Ruby is only required on MacOS, and only then to install homebrew.  Perhaps there should be platform-specific sections?

Author: Thank you for the feedback on my pull request!
I am toying with how to include platorm-specific install instructions for these dependencies. I feel like this document is getting really long, which isn't a bad thing, but it might feel overwhelming for New Developer's. I've moved the instructions for installing ruby into the MacOS instructions for installing git, which also outline how to install homebrew through ruby. 

Do you think it would be appropriate to find links to installation instructions for each of the dependencies so that each platform is covered without adding more sections to the document? 

Some of the dependencies have this already, but I thought that Homebrew worked for other platforms so I opted to include brew install and pip install (if I'm not mistaken, pip a python tool and doesn't depend on platform) instructions for dependencies that lacked a lot of documentation (or where the documentation I was reading through didn't seem to indicate a difference for the various platforms).

Reviewer 3: I agree that it is challenging to balance being thorough with not being intimidating to new user/developers!

While brew may work on other platforms, it is typically not in the top 3 ways that people install software on those platforms.  One day someone will make the package manager to rule them all, but so far, brew is not that....

I know that tables are difficult to maintain in RST, but I wonder if some kind of table with each row being a different dependency, and each column being a different platform???

Otherwise, we might want to just point folx to different files for each platform (and you might not be responsible for all the platforms.)

Reviewer 3: I see you moved the Ruby section up to the description of installing homebrew.... do you need it here still?

Reviewer 2: I think different files for each platform is a good plan.

Author: I've created three separate pages for Mac, Linux, and Windows dependencies which have installation instructions for each platform. These pages are now linked in a section before the one on installing PyNE, and the original section for dependencies was removed.

Reviewer 2: Hm. I'm not sure removing the original list of dependencies is a good idea.

(Also, many mac users don't use homebrew. I, for example, use macports.)

Pinoli is the Italian word for the Pine Nut, and this marker is the 
first place New Developers should look to contribute.

---------------------
Making a Pull Request
---------------------

> The pull request (PR) should contain a description of the the pull request, any labels 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The pull request (PR) should contain a description of the the changes, appropriate labels 
```

(such as bug, docs, test), projects (such as Transition to PyMOAB), and a reference
to the issue that led to the PR, which you can do by inserting '#issue_number' to 
the description.

> The more specific your description, the better you employ the labels, and 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A specific description, accurate labels, and appropriate
```

> project selections the easier it will be for other contributors to review your work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
project selections will help other contributors to discover and review your work more easily.
```

Adding a reference to the issue the pull request will allow people to see the issue 

> inspired it, and any conversation about the issue. Before you make the pull request (PR), 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
inspired it alongside any conversation about the issue. Before you make the pull request (PR), 
```

make sure that you include a news file named after the purpose of your PR 

> following the template located in the news folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
following the template located in the `news` directory.
```
